Brother Qin
Don't be so pessimistic?
You and I are brothers after all
I wanted to kill you. You'd be dead already
I won't live to be now
Then what are you doing here?
Are you here to see my jokes?
I came here because
I think Brother Qin is a talent
It's a pity to die like this
Why don't you follow me and work under me
How about I guarantee you a lifetime of glory?
Sir, shut up
It's nonsense
You just called me an ant and a citizen
I thought you were awesome
It turns out that you are just a dog, bastard
What's my proposal?
Not great.
It seems that Brother Qin still does not understand the situation
Brother Sun, I am in very good health.
It's just that the waist is not very good
Can't bend
Why don't you come and rub it for me?
You pariah
Shut up yeah
So be it.
Since you insist on courting death
Lord Wu, take the things
This is the Lord, of course
Your murder stick
Brother Sun is trying to force tribute by words and deeds
I told you so.
You have no choice.
What if I don't sign?